Adds bug, feature and task issue templates (#20)
IcaliaLabs/dojo: dojo-templates/issue_templates/bug.md

---
name: Bug
about: This will create a bug type issue

---

Please change this by adding a complete description of the BUG, you may also add some screenshots, and if it is a web based development, you should give a bit more context on the browser version and OS.

## Steps to reproduce

1.

## Expected behavior
By < action >, the system should < expected behavior >

## Current behavior

> By < action >, the system is < expected behavior >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By < action >, the system is < current behavior >
```

## Context

| Browser | Version | OS |
|----------|:-------------:|------:|
| firefox | 34 | Windows |

> ## Files that might be modified or being affected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Files that might need modification or are being affected
```

> - `app/models/user.rb`

Reviewer: Maybe we should change these to markdown links instead of embedded code:
```suggestion
- [app/models/user.rb](app/models/user.rb)
```
